I believe that gay married couples should be able to defend their marijuana plants with lethal force. I believe that corporate pharmacies charging appalling rates of life saving medication is theft and a crime of the highest caliber and is a massive breach of ethics. I think that humans are the virus, and the solution to solving the environmental crisis is cutting out the middle man: eliminate humanity in its entirety. Equal rights for all. Gay lives matter. Black lives matter. Police organization and training should be revised as to cater to the needs of the people, without an abuse of power. Knowledge is a powerful tool that all should have access too; a lack of understanding is what drives hate, division and misunderstanding. Taking the time to understand our fellow man is what gives us the edge to move forward.

This politician will be closer to a "far left libertarian". He will be a firm believer in natural selction is a good policy, and that people should be left to their own devices to a degree.

FDR and JFK:

ÒMy fellow Americans,
Today that prophecy is in the process of being fulfilled. The massed, angered forces of common humanity are on the march. They are going forwardÉ they came to the reluctant conclusion that the "jig was up"; he could see the shadow of the long arm of justice.Ó
But he and his Fascist gang will be brought to book, and punished for their crimes against humanity. No criminal will be allowed to escape by the expedient of "resignation."
So our terms to Italy are still the same as our terms to Germany and Japan --"unconditional surrender." With their cordial cooperation, we are establishing and maintaining security and order -- we are dissolving the organizations which have kept them under Fascist tyranny -- we are providing them with the necessities of life until the time comes when they can fully provide for themselves.

We have started to make good on that promise.
I am sorry if I step on the toes of those Americans who, playing party politics at home, call that kind of foreign policy "crazy altruism" and "starry-eyed dreaming."

We shall not settle for less than total victory. That is the determination of every American on the fighting fronts. That must be, and will be, the determination of every American here at home.

"Liberty, Equality and Fraternity" 	

Two thousand years ago the proudest boast was "civis Romanus sum." Today, in the world of freedom, the proudest boast is "Ich bin ein Berliner."



The key to faking out the parents is the clammy hands. It's a good non-specific symptom. A lot of people will tell you that a phony fever is a dead lock, but if you get a nervous mother, you could land in the doctor's office.
That's worse than school. What you do is: you fake a stomach cramp, and when you're bent over, moaning and wailing, you lick your palms. It's a little childish and stupid, but then, so is high school.
I did have a test today. That wasn't bullshit. It's on European Socialism. I mean, really, what's the point? I'm not European, I don't plan on being European, so who gives a crap if they're socialist? 
They could be fascist anarchists - that still wouldn't change the fact that I don't own a car. Not that I condone fascism, or any -ism, for that matter. Isms, in my opinion, are not good. A person should not believe in an -ism - he should believe in himself.
I quote John Lennon: "I don't believe in Beatles - I just believe in me." A good point there. Of course, he was the Walrus. I could be the Walrus - I'd still have to bum rides off of people.
